Hello fellow passengers, welcome to the Compass podcast. Today, we've got a special guest with us — Mick Larson, also known as The Free Will Hacker. Mick, welcome to the show.
Absolutely, man. Happy to be here.
Mick, you call yourself The Free Will Hacker. What does that mean exactly?
It means I've figured out how to jailbreak reality, my friend. You see, most people are running on factory settings — default modes. They wake up, brush their teeth, eat their toast, and sleep. Rinse, repeat, ad infinitum. It's not life, it's an infinite loop.
So you're saying...we're all just running on autopilot?
Exactly! But it's worse than that. Autopilot is just the surface. Underneath, you've got layers of coded habits, expectations, routines. It's like, you think you're choosing to drink coffee every morning, but really, that choice was scripted the moment you smelled your parents brewing it when you were five. You've been running coffee.exe ever since.
That's...a pretty wild way to look at it.
Wild? No, man. Wild is what happens when you override it. When you perform what I call a Reality Reboot. That's when you break the loop, hack the script, and start running custom commands.
Custom commands? Are we talking about actual hacking here?
In a way, yeah! But I'm not talking about computers. I'm talking about the operating system of existence. Life is just running on default settings — you gotta root access your soul, man. Once you do that, you can execute commands that weren't even in the original code.
It's simple stuff to start. Like, "Override Default Wakeup Time". You've been waking up at 7 AM your whole life? Try 3 AM just once. See what happens. Or, "Interrupt Toothbrush Routine". Instead of brushing your teeth, brush your ears. That tiny glitch sends ripples through the timeline.
See, the universe expects you to brush your teeth. When you flip the script, it's like the universe stutters. It's like, Wait, what? That's how you jailbreak your fate. One weird, unpredictable move at a time.
That's...unconventional.
That's hacking, my friend.
Alright, Mick. Let's dive deeper into this. This is fascinating. So, let's talk about this Jailbreak Technique you mentioned. How does that work?
The Jailbreak Technique is basically a method for disrupting the timeline. You identify a habit — something you do every single day without thinking. Brushing your teeth, pouring your coffee, whatever. And then you interrupt it. I call it "debugging your destiny."
Debugging your destiny. That's quite a phrase.
Because that's exactly what it is! Think about it: if life is running on autopilot, then every routine is just a function call, right? So you gotta throw an exception, man. Throw an error in the script. The universe doesn't know how to handle it. It's like you've introduced a glitch in reality itself.
And you believe this can actually change the course of your life?
Not just believe — I know. You should have seen the look on my boss's face when I started brushing my ears instead of my teeth one morning before work. I got promoted two weeks later. True story.
You think that was connected?
I don't think. I hack. There's a difference.
So, what happens when jailbreaking fails? I imagine it doesn't work every time.
Ah, see, that's the question people always ask. And it's the wrong question. It's not that the jailbreak fails. It's that you haven't visualized hard enough. Or maybe the universe is running a security patch. You gotta think outside the timeline, man.
A security patch?
Yeah, sometimes the universe updates its parameters. That's when you gotta get creative. Switch routines faster, throw more glitches. I call it Stack Overflowing Your Destiny.
And you've never failed to jailbreak your own fate?
Well...there was one time. I failed to manifest an avocado toast. But that's because I didn't specify the brand of bread. Details matter, my friend. Universe runs on specifics.
Alright, Mick, we're just about out of time. Anything you want to leave our viewers with?
Absolutely. If you're tired of living on factory settings, it's time to jailbreak your fate. Join Hack Your Fate for just $19.99 a month, and I promise you'll never look at your life script the same way again. Root access isn't just for developers — it's for "free will hackers", too.
Well, there you have it folks. Mick Larson, The Free Will Hacker. Thanks for coming on, Mick.
My pleasure, man.